rawdog: RSS Aggregator Without Delusions Of Grandeur

Adam Sampson <ats@offog.org>
Douglas Perkins <contact@dperkins.org>

rawdog is a feed aggregator, capable of producing a personal "river of
news" or a public "planet" page. It supports all common feed formats,
including RSS and Atom. It collects articles from a number of feeds
and generates a static HTML page listing the newest articles in order.

This version uses Python 3. In the switch from Python 2 to Python 3,
many features were removed, including plugins and many options.

Dependencies:

- Python 3.10 or later
- feedparser 6.0.8 or later

This program is designed to run without installation.  For example,
download it to your ~/src directory and run it from there using the
"rawdog" command. Typically, "rawdog -uw"

rawdog needs a config file to function. Make the directory ".rawdog" in
your $HOME directory, copy the provided "config" file into that
directory, and edit it.

Copy the "style.css" file into the same directory as your html output.
Adjust the style as you prefer.

When you invoke rawdog from the command line, you give it a series of
actions to perform -- for instance, "rawdog --update --write" tells it
to download articles from feeds and then write to the HTML file.

A cronjob entry such as the following is recommended:

0,10,20,30,40,50 * * * *        /path/to/rawdog -uw

If you want rawdog to fetch URLs through a proxy server, then set your
"http_proxy" environment variable appropriately; depending on your
version of cron, putting something like:

http_proxy=http://myproxy.mycompany.com:3128/

at the top of your crontab should be appropriate. (The http_proxy
variable will work for many other programs too.)

In the event that rawdog gets horribly confused (for instance, if the
system clock has a huge jump and it thinks it won't need to fetch
anything for the next thirty years), you can clear its state by
removing the ~/.rawdog/state file (and the ~/.rawdog/feeds/*.state
files, if you've got the "splitstate" option turned on).
